1: Star Hunter Launch 

   Might be a short episode.
   Starts on earth a week or so before launch, 
   gives players a chance to learn who they are.

   Initial briefing
      Players meet each other.
      Learn the mission in greater detail.
      Request extra equipment.
   Star Hunter Pre Mission party (EVERYONE is there).
      Some other Star Hunters are douchebags.
   Final Day on earth
      Players can do what ever.(options for smuggleing personal gear aboard.)
      Captains last day involves Ensign Jenkins playing the piano.
      Optional high society party for everyone.
   Ends as Star Hunter jumps to FTL speed.
   

2: Scraps

   abandoned alien mining planet. Aliens left a few bits 
   and pieces on the inside of the planet for people to find. 
   With the right equipment the geologist will save a lot of trouble. 
   Biologist will find mold or plant like stuff deep inside. Floors will collapse.
   Unknow Alien Relics found.
      Important Plot device (save/load device)
      Dark Wave Emitter
      Dark Wave Reciever
      Inertial Anchor
      Hunks of useless metal
      Something extra for Rinder

?: Geogiest

   Unknown power failures and other problems culminate in a hull breach. Quickly 
   repaired but the cause is an alien rocklike creature that excaped the rock 
   storeage area. It will have dug lots of holes through the ship. After they 
   spend a while investigating I'll see how badly they are lost and I'll release 
   a second (there are several of them still on board).

X: Left Behind

   The cast is on a routine ground mission when the Star Hunter is told to head to 
   a different location immediatly without regaurd to leaving people behind.
   The cast is stranded on a jungle planet and must find an old space outpost and 
   fix a Flying Saucer (complete with strange power source). The crew will be left 
   to wonder why the order came to leave behind most of the crew.

X+1: First Problem

   Star Hunter 1 loses contact with Earth, and SH5 is sent to investigate. The ship
   is powered down in orbit around some non-descript rocky planet (they can search 
   all they want but nothing is there). There are several dead redshirts but all the 
   key personnel are missing. There are signs of laser weapons that ripped holes in 
   the hull. Most of the space suits are missing. There are some unknown alien remains 
   found on the ship. More than one has a communicator that doesn't function in any 
   understandable way (if they take it to earth they can pick up some clues) Rinder 
   will snag an extra for himself. The SH5 will be attacked by an unknown target but 
   destroy the target completely (no descernable remains).

?: Contact??

   Rinder enters a planet by falling off the landing shuttle and is totally 
   seperated with no communication. As the crew searches for Rinder they find an 
   alien encampment run by not-so-friendly aliens with advanced weapons but no 
   space travel capabilities. The crew could learn of other space fareing aliens 
   but this group of aliens is hostile to all of them. The crew will be told that 
   they have Rinder while Rinder plans to infiltrate the aliens.

PC dependent: V=700c+

   After the ship exceeds 700c, every crew member gets their own independent puzzle 
   then they return to the SH to solve a group problem.
      Empty SH (communicate to earth)
      Giant Ant hole, kill an ant (dig in the wall)
      All white, everywhere like matrix loading (state their objective)
      Ordinary day with SH shuttle instead of Mitsubishi car (tell the computer that they need to go to P002031..)
      Floating thru space with no suit (not sure how you get out of this yet)

Finale: Shit

   The save/load device activates early in the episode. Shortly after, a traitorus 
   lab tech betrays the crew to a hostile alien race. The crew go through 
   the process of getting trapped and cornered by the aliens and when they are about 
   to die (or in the process) they figure out how to use the save/load device and go 
   back to the beginning of the episode where they promptly kill the traitor with no 
   explanation given.





Killer on board the ship

Trapped in a pocket dimension of insanity
   If you travel faster than ~700c

Shuttle crashes on alien planet, crew rescues Rinder from enemy fortress.

Investigate Star Hunter 1 wreckage

Planet has abandond space station odd occurances within

Evil robot parasite tries to corrupt the players. Devil's Robot

Everyone captured, they try to escape, Rinders Saves.

Alien refugee (criminal) seeks amnesty.

Alien parasite latches to the Star Hunter hull and strands them in an asteroid field.

Run errands for the Aliens

Repair and escape in a Flying Saucer UFO

SH5 is declared traitorus for some trivial matter. SH5 needs to clean up the mess with the 
little communication allowed to them. SH4 (the chinamen) have no quarrel with them because 
of China's political dissociation with the rest of earth and will be an asset.





Corrupt human officials on earth have a devious plot. 
Possably have had previous workings with aliens.

Dark Waves contrast EM waves

Engines can escape black Holes. Gravity Engine can contain them. 
Singularity is the center of a black hole

Reaganites
   Alien society modeled after 60's TV that has made it to their planet
Spartanites
   Fierce warlike aliens that will probably be an enemy 
   unless the group does some 'aggressive negotiations'
Greedy Merchants
   Greedy space trading merchant aliens. Most likely to cause problems.
Assorted Space Aliens
   Grey and Humans among a multitude of other aliens. 
   They will probably be a friendly group.
Robot Empire
   Will possably plant 'Devils Robot' on a crewman