STAR HUNTER
  Game System

By Mike Winder for use with the Star Hunter campaign setting


MAIN STATISTICS

These are the stats that make up your characters most
basic abilities. You should choose them carefully because
you won't have many chances to change these around once
the first episode has been filmed. Main stats are based 
on one six sided die so they can go from one to six with
the average Joe sitting on 3. Your character will have 14
points to distribute.

Stamina (t)

    This stat represents the characters physical abilities.
  If a character is tough, strong, or just works out a lot
  than this stat should be high. Alternativly a sissy little
  guy who spends his time in front of a computer should
  have a low number here.
    Stamina is used when you perform physical actions that 
  are accomplished not with finesse but brute strength. 
  Stamina is also the hit points in this game so as you take
  laser blasts you start to get weaker, and eventually die.
  Hopefully some book worms will invest in this stat for 
  this reason.
 
Senses (n)

    Senses is a stat that shows how well your character pays
  attention. A battle hardend soldier will have good senses
  that keep him alert and ready for danger. On the other hand
  a poker player can use his good senses to catch the tells of
  the other player and make the winning bet.
    Senses is used in all actions that have to do with noticing 
  things. Senses is also what determines how well you dodge 
  attacks. It is also the stat that determines when you get to 
  take your actions in combat. Senses is also another kind of 
  hit point in this game. Just try not to get beaten senseless.

Skill (l)

    Skill is a stat that shows what a character can do if he 
  takes the time to do it. If a character can aim and shoot a 
  high powered assault rifle into a large crowd and only kill 
  the bad guys, he's got skill.
    Skill has most of the combat related actions linked to it 
  so I will go ahead and say a lot of people will want to max 
  it out. Skill also determines how many actions you make in a 
  round, which is always important.

Smarts (m)

    What is there to say about smarts? Its how well you think.
  A smart character won't have to be standing in the front taking 
  the laser blasts. He will be the guy who is standing behind that 
  guy telling the Star Hunter where to shoot the huge gun mounted 
  underneath.
    Smarts is the stat that has the science and computer stuff.
  You can bet that the people at the top have more smarts than the 
  people at the bottom.



SUB STATISTICS

These stats all fall underneath one of the main stats. They are 
there to represent what specialized training you might have in any
particular area. These are able to be increased during the game as
your character gets better at what he does. 

<<< I still don't know what kinds of numbers these stats will have, >>>
<<< but I plan on keeping them low  >>>

  Stamina

Climb
    Get up to high places, and other such activities.
Endurance
    Running for a long time, and more importantly, keeping 
    on your feet after taking a hit. This is sort of an analogue 
    to 'fortitude saves'
Fisticuffs (t)
    There are two Fisticuffs sub-stats, this is the burtal one.
    Fisticuffs does damage to stamina, so you can kill people 
    with it. 
Lifting
    Want to move something? Lets hope you've invested here.
Sprint
    Not haw long you can run, thats endurance, but how fast you can.
Swim
    Would you even want to get in the strange alien waters you'll find?
    If you've got the balls for it, this stat is for you.

  Senses

Awareness
    Whats going on? If you have this stat you'll know. This is pretty 
    much, spot and listen.
Empathy (human/alien race/...)
    This stat represents your ability to tell what other people are 
    thinking. If you care, then take this stat.
Investigation
    Hey gum shoe, did you notice the connection between the mysterious 
    explosion and the slimy foot prints?
Reality
    I put this in so I could tell people to make 'reality checks' it 
    will work well for a common sense skill.
Reflex
    React to people shooting at you? Sound important? This is going 
    to work kinda like AC.

  Skill

First Aid
    Burns, cuts, broken bones, anything that can be fixed without the 
    use of drugs or time. Afterall you'll probably be using this in 
    a firefight.
Fisticuffs (l)
    Skilled fisticuffery will take your opponent down and leave him 
    alive for questioning later. There will be ways to modify this, 
    but this stat does only sense damage.
Fix/Craft/Make
    I havent decided what to call this one, but it will be an important 
    one. Making stuff and fixing things is what McGuyver did after all.
Marksmanship (pistol/rifle/other)
    This is 3 different stats. Different sizes of weapons need to be 
    shot different ways. The other pretains to things like 
    Flamethrowers granade launchers and rocket launchers.
Melee
    I really hope nobody takes this stat. Its the 26th 
    century for crying out loud. But for the sake of 
    completeness here it is. This stat will also work for 
    throwing stuff (like granades).
Perform
    This skill is taken if you want to play an insturment or what not.
Pilot (shuttle/star hunter)
    Driving is now piloting now that everything can fly. The 
    shuttle part of this stat covers hover cars on earth so most 
    characters will probably have some level of proficiency.
    
  Smarts

Computers
    There will be a lot of these on a spaceship, you might want 
    to know how to use them.
Engineering
    Solving problems that involve building and designing things.
Linguistics
    Learning and understanding other languages. Aliens... hint hint
Medicine
    Knowing how the human body works, and how to fix it when it 
    doesn't. This skill assumes you have all the equipment and 
    materials you might want.
Science (physics/biology/geology/...)
    Science will be important in this game, at least it will be 
    if you are one the the science officers on the Star Hunter!
Technology
    This stat will work like computers only with things like 
    robotic arms, gunning turrets, unmanned vehicals and the like. 
    Subject to revision.