STAR HUNTER
  Game System

By Mike Winder for use with the Star Hunter campaign setting


COMBAT

Combat in the Star Hunter game takes place in rounds. In 
every round 6 seconds of game time occures.

INITIATIVE

At the beginning of a round of combat every character rolls 
an awareness check. The characters take actions from the lowest 
value to the highest, and any character with actions may 
inturupt at any time to take an action. When the person with 
the lowest value for initiative has taken all their actions 
then the next lowest player takes his actions (if he has any). 
If two or more players want to inturupt the same players action 
then the player with the higher initiative gets priority. An 
inturupted action never happens so the player with the lowest 
initiative can keep declaring targets, then watch them duck 
behind walls and choose another. 

ACTIONS

A player gets to make a number of actions per round equal to the 
players skill stat. A player may not take more than 6 actions even 
if the character has benefits that would allow the player to.

   Attack
      Attacking is done with a combat skill, the required dice roll 
      will be specified by the skill and the target.
   Evade
      Evading attacks can be done with the Reflex skill, you get 
      another reflex roll for every attack and can choose the 
      better one.
   Think
      Thinking can give you various combat benefits, such as extra 
      damage or better chance to hit. The difficulty of the think 
      roll to get the benefit varies greatly from target to target 
      and from the benefit you want.
   Move
      Your character can move 3 meters in one move action, to move 
      more see Running
   Manipulate
      Opening doors, picking up weapons, using a computer console. 
      These actions may take more than one acion depending on the task.
   Aim
      Aimed attacks have a lower penalty from range than unaimed shots. 
      Once you are aimed at a target you can make as many attacks 
      against that target as you want until you perform an action 
      other than an attack.
   Pull Yourself Together
      A character can actively recover from sense damage with a roll.

ATTACKS

An attack is made by rolling the assosiated attack skill. The value 
of the roll is then compaired to the reflex roll of the target with 
an added penalty due to range and other modifiers. If the attack is 
successful the player attacked must then attempt to endure the damage.

DAMAGE

If the player suffers a successful attack they are subject to an endurance 
roll. The rolls difficulty is equal to the weapons modifier the amount 
that the attacker passed the reflex roll and any other modifiers. If the 
endureance check succeeds then the player takes no damage. If the check 
fails then the player takes the damage.

Weapons do either sense damage or stamina damage. If the attack was dealing 
stamina damage another endurance check must be made to not suffer sense damage 
in addition to stamina damage. The check is equal to the damage the weapon 
dealt times five.

DAMAGE EFFECTS

A character who has taken stamina damage rolls their sub-stats with the new 
damaged number. If at any time stamina is reduced to zero the character falls 
unconcious and no longer participates in combat. If the character takes any 
damage beyond that they are dead. Technology cannot bring you back from the dead.

A character with sense damage rolls their sub stats with the new damaged number. 
If at any time the characters sense is reduced to zero they fall unconsious and 
will need to be tended by another player with first aid before they can come to 
their senses again. A character cannot go below 0 senses.

RUNNING

A character can spend an action to begin running. They run as many meters as they 
roll for a sprint check. Any actions taken after beginning to run suffer a penalty 
but you can continue to perform actions while running. The sprint skill also takes 
penalties while perfoming other actions while running.
